docs(2021.2): Update release note for 7.13.7 (#2231)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: modules/ROOT/pages/release-notes.adoc

== Bug fixes

=== Fixes in Bonita 2021.2-u7 from 2022-11-21

==== Fixes in Bonita Studio including Bonita UI Designer

* STUDIO-4426 - Fix Type lost on condition after variable removal
* STUDIO-4437 - Fix SNAPSHOT external lib not displayed in "add dependency" in process configuration

==== Fixes in Bonita Runtime including Bonita Applications

* RUNTIME-145 - Fix Create User on the fly when Role doesn't exist
* RUNTIME-752 - Fix Error 404 resulting in blank task list
* RUNTIME-1431 - Fix Instantiation REST service Exposing the groovy script behind an exception
* RUNTIME-1434 - Fix Custom user information truncated in admin app
* RUNTIME-1449 - [Security] Update several dependencies for 2021.2-u7 (7.13.7)

> * RUNTIME-1476 - Fix Default dynamic permissions: process deployers, process initiators and process managers can access GET BPM/process

Reviewer: should remain bpm as it is a URL
```suggestion
* RUNTIME-1476 - Fix Default dynamic permissions: process deployers, process initiators and process managers should be able to access GET bpm/process
```
